1.	Ambient light illuminates all objects equally regardless of direction.
2.	Light gets brighter/whiter, as when I changed the ambient lighting intensity to 1.0, the entire cube became white
3.	1.0
4.	No
5.	Only the face pointing towards the light
6.	The faces not hit by the light became darker
7.	Certain faces become darker or brighter if they’re hitting the light
8.	0 1 0 brightened the most faces
9.	Red
10.	Yellow
11.	The light isn’t pointing at those faces
12.	Blue or green
13.	I think red or yellow since they stick out the most
14.	The light remains fixed while the cube moves
15.	They move to face the light
16.	Brighter when it faces light and darker when it turns away
17.	It can create a dramatic atmosphere or improve realism depending on the lighting you use
18.	0xff00ff
19.	No, it colored more faces than I expected at once
20.	Implemented a clock to keep track of time and then changed the hex color every second
21.	I think they all looked well; it just depended on the hex color I chose. I liked purple and aqua the most
22.	Yellow’s faces were sometimes hard to see
23.	Point lights illuminate light from a single point and don’t hit objects uniformly, it depends on proximity to the point light.
24.	Point lights are more like lightbulbs
25.	Directional lights are more like sunlight
26.	The face it hits grows paler and the light hits more parts of the cube
27.	Less light hits the cube
28.	Green dominated over the white light
29.	One light is more noticeable than the other, but I think this could have to do with the colors I chose
30.	Yes I think the lighting appears realistic

Reflection Questions:
1.	Ambient light is much like sunlight where it illuminates all objects it touches evenly.
2.	Directional light is more focused and concentrated light on a specific point without hitting everything evenly.
3.	Point lighting comes from one specific source and illuminates objects differently depending on direction and closeness to the light source.
4.	To decide how the light looks on the surface of the material 
5.	If they’re facing the point light or if they turn away/are blocked from the light source by other faces
6.	It changed brightness and visibility of the cube
7.	Mood changes with light color and object visibility depending on the intended emotions by the artist.
8.	Threejs has simpler commands to set up objects and light than WebGL, with convenient features to change light color, track time, etc
9.	I found point lights the most useful and interesting during the lab
10.	How to incorporate light into Threejs projects and a little more about the utility of point lights in a scene
